[
    "The editor is approved by Ilija!",
    "You can search using multiple queries by splitting them with a comma. For example: floor,wall",
    "You can select multiple objects with box selection by holding CTRL + Right Mouse Button while moving your mouse. ALT does the opposite",
    "You can select multiple objects by holding the Right Mouse Button",
    "The editor was created in 2016 after I (Luffy) was playing around with the possiblity of editing maps",
    "The best method to handle doors is to leave an opened version in the editor_only continent, you can then make your normal door ignore Disabled on AI Graph without having to deal with lots of unneeded startup management!",
    "Want to know more about the editor? Visit the wiki: https://wiki.modworkshop.net/books/beardlib-editor-tutorials",
    "Trouble with navigation? Some models are larger than they seem! Use the 'Draw Bodies' setting to see a props collision",
    "Need help? Join the PAYDAY 2 Maps Discord https://discord.gg/fn62qaq",
    "If you encounter a bug, please report it to us through the issues section on GitHub https://github.com/Luffyyy/BeardLib-Editor/issues",
    "You can link Timer, Stopwatch and Counter elements to a timer unit",
    "You can use 'mkp' units to quickly prototype a level",
    "You can customize appearence and keyboard shortcuts to your liking in the options menu",
    "Holding ALT while moving a selection creates a duplicate",
    "Holding CTRL while moving a selection snaps the grid to 1",
    "Remember to create manual backups of your project regularly",
    "Use a combination of portals and occluders to improve performance on your map",
    "'ExecuteOnStartup' will execute as soon as you load into the loadout screen. Use an AreaTrigger set to 'player' to prevent starting your script too early.",
    "Tips with links are clickable!",
    "Have an idea? Post it in the discussions section on GitHub https://github.com/Luffyyy/BeardLib-Editor/discussions",
    "Trouble seeing? Enable your head light by pressing F.",
    "You can quickly add to 'On Executed List' of your current selection by holding CTRL while left clicking elements.",
    "Spacebar + LMB will add to your current selected element's list. For example add units to DisableUnit elements, or other elements to Toggle."
]
